[BOT] Process changelog for 'release/T25.greenarrow.1' (#3974)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [5.25.1.1] 2025-07-30 =

> * Fix - Add's support for SCA (Strong Customer Auhtnetication) for the Square Payment Gateway in TicketsCommerce. [ET-2542]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Adds support for SCA (Strong Customer Authentication) for the Square Payment Gateway in TicketsCommerce. [ET-2542]
```
